Improvements based on customer interaction (#423)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.rst

  fioctl targets prune --by-tag <tag>

> We suggest to not prune all Targets from a tag to avoid container builds failing

Reviewer: If pruning all targets leads to container builds failing, wouldn't be better to insist here? Like **highly recommend** instead of _suggest_.

> We highly recommend to not prune all Targets from a tag to avoid container
> builds failing due the lack of platform builds for this tag. To keep the last

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We highly recommend not pruning all Targets from a tag to avoid container
builds failing from the lack of platform builds for this tag. To keep the last
```

> due the lack of platform builds for this tag. To keep the last targets from a

Reviewer 3: I am unsure what <number> from line 74 represents. Would it be the <number> last targets? In this case, I would say:

```suggestion
due the lack of platform builds for this tag. To keep the last ``<number>`` targets from a
```

Once the commit is pushed upstream, the Foundries.io CI will generate a build
that fixes the issue.

Handling updates in /etc
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Files created or modified in ``/etc`` during runtime are not handled by OSTree
during an OTA. For this reason, we suggest setting system-wide configs in

> ``/usr`` whenever possible so these changes are covered by OTA updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``/usr`` whenever possible so that these changes are covered by OTA updates.
```

> We suggest to manage files that live in ``/usr`` with a systemd service

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We suggest managing files that live in ``/usr`` with a systemd service
```
